Experiment 1:
See argument in Section 3.2, paragraph 2.
"Those knowing the most generally accepted global warming the most [...] mechanistic knowledge significantly correlated with one's global warming acceptance as occuring (r = .22, p < .001) and anthropogenic (r = .17, p = .005)."
Our counter-argument is that Republicans may be under-represented in this sample relative to Dan's surveys. Thus, you may see a main effect, because the sample is restricted to Democrats, who have a positive correlation, and excludes Republicans, who have a negative correlation.
A useful analysis would investigate the distribution of conservatives and liberals and test for the evidence against a conservative × knowledge interaction.

Experiment 2:
They don't make an explicit argument, but Section 5.2, paragraph 1 again mentions a significant main effect of knowledge on beliefs (this time via knowledge manipulation).
Our counter-argument is again that the sample is highly liberal. Clearly there is a positive relationship among liberals, but there is likely not one among conservatives.
A useful analysis would investigate the distribution of conservatives and liberals and test for the evidence against a conservative × pre/post interaction.

Experiment 3:
They don't make an explicit argument, but Section 6.2, paragraph 1 again reports significant gains in global warming agreement. As in Experiments 1 and 2, the implication is that knowledge does bolster global warming agreement.
Our counter-argument is again that the sample is highly liberal. Clearly there is a positive relationship among liberals, but there is likely not one among conservatives.
A useful analysis would investigate the distribution of conservatives and liberals and test for the evidence against a conservative × pre/post interaction.

Experiment 4:
See argument in section 7.2, paragraph 2.
"Notably, the correlation between conservatism and mean global warming acceptance gains was not significant and basically zero (r = 0.03, p = 0.85), indicating no polarization. Indeed, of the eight most conservative subjects, five increased their global warming acceptance, and only one (slightly) reduced his/her acceptance."
Our concern is that there are too few participants to be able to detect such a correlation between conservatism and change scores. Thus, the reported correlation has a very wide confidence interval and cannot rule out even substantial correlations.
Again, a useful analysis would identify the number of conservative participants and test for the evidence against a conservative × pre/post interaction or against a main effect of conservatism on change scores.
